Richelle Direny: Hi, Angela.
Angela Fields: Hi, Rochelle to Jamie tell you what happened.
Richelle Direny: Yes, and I just said, so that's on them because I
Richelle Direny: Yeah, they said, You've been in the weight room so I told her, I said, Well, okay, but I didn't get an alert from you guys saying that she's on her way. And so they just said, I'm sorry. They've been really busy so they couldn't send the alert, because I know
Richelle Direny: For the individual sessions. Sometimes people come straight to me. And then they they tell me you know people are not checking in through virtual clinic first
Angela Fields: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So, yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: Cuz I'm watching the time and I'm like,
I know
Richelle Direny: I know she confirmed with me. So what's going on now.
Angela Fields: It was he will have a nice time
Richelle Direny: Yes. No, I, I'm fine, because I'm sitting here waiting. I'm there watching the time I'm like this is this is weird. Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let me bring into how is everything going
Angela Fields: It's going good.
Angela Fields: Feels good for public to be open back up again.
Richelle Direny: Oh, where you are. They're opening up
Angela Fields: Yes, yes, actually places are open past eight o'clock at night. Now, and most of the stores are open. Now, most of the restaurants are open to their normal hours dining in still at 50% capacity. If the restaurants choosing to allow people inside
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. I know here they're doing the restaurants. Well, I would say that the restaurants has been open, but they're doing. Um, what did they call curbside pickup.
Angela Fields: We did that all through it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah they do curbside pickup, which is a little weird if you asked me, but I'm like you're, I don't know, like, some places are not allowed to open where others are depending on what
Richelle Direny: And my thing is with the restaurants like with with the whole quarantine thing. Are there certain things I questioned certain things is
Richelle Direny: Completely makes sense. Like you have your restaurants. I don't know if you're a bad they're doing cemetery stuff cooking with food and giving it to me. I don't know what you're really bad there don't
Angela Fields: Like the whole Walmart thing closing at 830 are they really doing that much cleaning at night.
Angela Fields: No.
Angela Fields: But they say that's why they're closing 830 so they can sanitize I don't believe it.
Richelle Direny: I don't believe that for Walmart. I know for sure is not sanitizing that please. Because when you go in there is still looking like a hot mess like the way you left it the day before.
Richelle Direny: And I'm gonna don't know Walmart is just like they're up on a whole nother level of everything.
Richelle Direny: But, um, and then like they like I know here they open up like one side of the store and they have like a line and they let so many people through but as big as I don't know if where you are. They have super Walmart's
Richelle Direny: The Walmart or huge
Richelle Direny: How are you controlling the amount of people in there. And how do you know people in there.
Richelle Direny: Or not, they have liked.
Angela Fields: To pay attention to you.
Richelle Direny: They don't pay attention to you and they're like, well, you have to have on a mass, but when you're in there. You see, the thing off and nobody is stopping you.
Richelle Direny: Then they have two sides of the Walmart one, they have a line and one doesn't have a line. What do you think I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go to the one that like over the weekend was a little drizzle it was drizzling outside
Richelle Direny: standing in line in the rain. So I just went to the other side. I went in got what I needed to do and came right back out and
Richelle Direny: And, you know, there's just so much the question there really is so much question, but you know, I guess you got to pick sense out of nonsense and you got to make it. Um, I guess. Figure it out. When it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: Hold on. Yeah. So, you know, you just have to figure it out. When it's all said and done, but overall, you've been working from home. Right.
Angela Fields: Yes.
Richelle Direny: And how has that been for you or are they talking about returning back to work.
Angela Fields: I mean, we are working
Angela Fields: I never
Richelle Direny: I never sign up
Richelle Direny: But I'm saying, Where are you in a building and then they transition
Angela Fields: I've always been a home.
Richelle Direny: Oh ok ok ok so this is not really doesn't affect you either way.
Richelle Direny: Now, okay, okay. So, um, but even so, because now, even with even though you're working from home, you were able to go out and about afterward. What you got was limited. So how's that been for you.
Angela Fields: That was the part that I get with bother. Someone has been being at home all the time. You know, I always wanted to go somewhere in the evenings.
Angela Fields: And 830 with the latest anything with open here and by time. I was ready to be able to go somewhere, whatever it might be, even just through the grocery store ice cream or something like that. I wasn't able to do it.
Richelle Direny: Um, and that is true. That is true. And depending on
Richelle Direny: What your home doing, you have to kind of do a mad dash to the store.
Richelle Direny: Or do it during the day, sometimes like I know here they've had like a lot of like the farmers and stuff like that. They're not really at work. And so a lot of the crops.
Richelle Direny: They're having together to pretty much give away a lot of the crops which I, you know, it's the nice thing because produce is very expensive. So when you're getting like a whole box of mixed vegetables.
Richelle Direny: Us an assortment of vegetables for only $10 like literally only $10 with all of the when
Angela Fields: They're doing that there
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Angela Fields: Nothing like that's going on here. Nothing.
Richelle Direny: You're in Ohio. Right.
Angela Fields: Now I can see
Richelle Direny: Okay. I mean, I don't know how it is in Tennessee, but like here and for they even had it on the news like you know you have a lot of farmland here and I'm in Florida.
Richelle Direny: So they like. They show on the news. Like, like, like if whether they're growing like whether it's eggplant zucchini like whatever it is and you see them like they get everything and gathering it up.
Richelle Direny: And it's just making it just go bad, and go back in the earth and whatever it is but you know whatever they are literally just giving it away. At this point, like there.
Angela Fields: Are you
Richelle Direny: I'm in South Florida. Hold on. It's really dark here. Hold on one second.
Richelle Direny: I'm in South Florida.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So I'm in South Florida. I'm like in West Palm in the county that I mean it's called Power each county
Richelle Direny: But like either a lot of Florida. They're in their different sites that you go to that it's um what they give like the different arrangements in terms of the vegetables.
Richelle Direny: It's different. So, like, the other day I went and I look I buy a fruit. It's both fruit and vegetables.
Richelle Direny: Like you can get watermelon. It's funny because at the time. I'm like, I'm not buying any watermelon. It's not necessary to order metal and for 10 bucks. And I could have beat up myself because like I left there and went to Walmart and what Walmart.
Richelle Direny: It was I went to be jays and BJ had one for $7 watermelon that I went to Walmart and they had one for LA. You know, I really should have just bought the watermelon to for $10 but
Richelle Direny: But they have like watermelon cantaloupe pineapples pineapple, like all the different assortments, but like everything $10. It doesn't matter what you buy $10
Richelle Direny: And corn, you can get you could get if like you just want corn alone. You want a whole box of corn $10 and and that, yeah.
Richelle Direny: They're just they're just giving it away. They said that they're just giving it away because
Richelle Direny: Like what are they going to do with it. It's just going to go bad, they don't have workers out there to do whatever so they
Richelle Direny: They're just like literally giving it away. I remember one time I went out and I'm like,
Richelle Direny: What are they doing, is that like a testing site like are they testing people, what are they giving away the line is so long.
Richelle Direny: And they had cops like Manning because of the traffic. So I pulled up to one cop. And I'm like,
Richelle Direny: What's going on here. And they said they're giving away baskets and that's what it was. They, they were just pretty much as giving it away. So that was kind of the nice thing. But until you, Angela. They need to start opening up something
Angela Fields: I mean,
Angela Fields: The county. I live in. I think they said 85% of the business here were considered essential so not very many things close here hair salons, things like that were closed, of course, but everything was open to some degree.
Angela Fields: Back. It was just scaled back
Angela Fields: A
Richelle Direny: Different man would have said the barber was the barbershop was essentially
Angela Fields: You would think for a lot of people, it needs to be, but
Angela Fields: They opened back up this week for that.
Richelle Direny: Oh wow yeah I they're slowly opening back up. And I think, and it makes me wonder, because you have a lot of people are now here like I was looking at something here. A lot of people are not protesting.
Richelle Direny: Because you know they need to get back out and the people who I think are more protesting are the ones that which
Richelle Direny: I understand. And I think we were talking about the same group on Wednesday. It's like, I understand one side of it.
Richelle Direny: And I understand the other. I understand the one side of it that says that they're not working.
Richelle Direny: They've lost their job, like I was just talking to someone who said that he had lost his job since February, like he works in a restaurant.
Richelle Direny: So he's lost his job since February and, you know, it's very hard to get a job. Now, you know, at the end of the day.
Richelle Direny: You know, you got to pay your bills and even though they will be forgiven right now, but they're not going to say, don't worry about it. You don't have to give it back to me they're going to
Richelle Direny: Wait, so you know, and also all it does is just pile up everything that you will. Oh, and so, you know, it's kind of one of those things where
Richelle Direny: You're really looking at it like I understand where they're coming from. They, they need to work. They need to get back out there and they need to
Richelle Direny: feed their families, you know, unemployment, a lot of people haven't gotten unemployment.
Richelle Direny: Or maybe not qualify for unemployment, a lot of people didn't get the stimulus check if they didn't get it yet. Or maybe they don't qualify to get that stimulus check for whatever the criteria is they fall under so those
Angela Fields: We do qualify. So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, so can you imagine who you who are still working qualified but haven't gotten it. So you're among that percentage who so you know you get it like I get where those people are coming from.
Richelle Direny: And then I get where these people are coming from, where, you know, and so the other thing is, like, what's the media. It's a little tainted in my opinion. My personal appearance of it is really, it's been
Angela Fields: I think very much so.
Richelle Direny: It's very thing to Oh don't worry don't fear, it's getting better. Oh yes, the numbers are much higher than the CDC is
Richelle Direny: Seriously.
Angela Fields: Here's my question. All right. They're saying that you know X amount of people are dying of the coronavirus my argument is, are they actually dying to the corona virus or the underlying health condition that complicated issue to begin with.
Richelle Direny: YOU KNOW, ANGELA You don't really need to know that it's
Pretty much.
Angela Fields: Know that
Richelle Direny: That's the simple question or, you know, you hear so much. There's so many different conspiracy theories. I mean granted me personally, you know, you can't really trust what the government tells you root camp but um
Angela Fields: What they want to know.
Richelle Direny: They tell you what they want you to know. And if someone starts to tell you something.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, but but again there. There are people who have legitimate fears.
Richelle Direny: There have legitimate concerns because you know when it first came out, it's a lot of, you know, for older people or people have underlying medical conditions or whatever. So they they're a little bit nervous. Oh, by the way, you notice. Nobody died of the flu. This year, at least not
Angela Fields: Right, right, right.
Richelle Direny: No, I did not have the flu this there but
Angela Fields: You don't hear any complications of it right
Richelle Direny: Everything is Corona, if you had the flu or it's not that serious. You'll be all right.
Richelle Direny: But, you know,
Angela Fields: Now I know you guys can just air, you got it for routing congestive heart failure.
Richelle Direny: No, no, we're talking about. So you know this. So you like I get this side. How do we come in the middle. And what was beautiful. Last weekend, one of my groups.
Richelle Direny: What was beautiful. It was that like someone had lost it. They just gotten the job she lost her job and another person was just saying, hey, you know what, my job is hiring.
Richelle Direny: You know, just let me apply, let me know and then I'll put in a work. Now granted, though they said they knew each other.
Richelle Direny: It's, it's, to me it wasn't it didn't speak about whether or not you knew the person or not, it's about people helping people in this hard time
Richelle Direny: It's about how do we come to the center. How do we find a way to help each other.
Richelle Direny: You know, like there are some groups where someone will put out there. Oh, you know, Instacart is hiring or Amazon is hiring or this is this is what you have to do. This is the process I took
Richelle Direny: And some people jumped on it and are now working. How do you find that common ground granted if you choose to go back. How'd it work.
Richelle Direny: Standard precaution, like do what it needs to do to protect yourself and other people around you because at the end of the day.
Richelle Direny: Green is what were the common factor that we're both talking about, we need the greens. So how do we come together and still you're able to come
Richelle Direny: Up where I'm not, you know, getting sick, you're not getting sick or you're not supporting it, whatever the situation is and I think like, that's kind of where we need to come in the middle. Um, and let's see what happens. But, um, I think it's nice that they're opening up
Richelle Direny: I know summer is coming along and I do not want to be in this House, the whole star.
Richelle Direny: Being on a quarantine because it's not going to be nice. It's not
Richelle Direny: It's not gonna be nice, but, um, but, you know, I wanted to talk to you today about just kind of looking at your goals and everything that you know because it's been a while since we've worked together.
Richelle Direny: And I know for all the times that we were supposed to meet. I KNOW YOUR HUSBAND WAS SUPPOSED TO JOIN US.
Richelle Direny: So I'm guessing he's not going to join. Maybe we could do another session where he will be a part of it.
Angela Fields: I would love to yesterday, just was not in the cards for him.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's, that's fine. We can just schedule the time that it would be
Richelle Direny: Suitable for him to join. But how is everything going with you guys with just everything that's going on.
Angela Fields: Actually is going great.
Angela Fields: It's
Angela Fields: A great week. We are doing very well, very well and very well individually as well.
Richelle Direny: That's good. And do you think I'm in luck because and this is the other thing, like I joke around. Sometimes I call her Miss Corona, I hear people call her Rona, so I said, hey,
Richelle Direny: You said you know
Richelle Direny: Corona has brought around
Richelle Direny: Some Bad, bad things for some people and a lot of good for others. So kind of one way. The good and the bad, like I'm hearing a lot of good
Richelle Direny: Do you think like in light of all of this going on. You both having to really depend on each other. And because you're in the house together all the time.
Angela Fields: We always been in the house together all the time.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: But then he you know he made for a while.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry, but remember, he went away for a while.
Angela Fields: Went away for a while, and I don't think you know what happened while he was gone. And we had a crisis here at the house we
Angela Fields: It was, it was pretty bad. I had a friend of mine, stay with me while he was gone, because I didn't want to be in a house by myself because I hadn't been here about myself. My dad passed and someone who I knew and trusted for years and years ended up robbing us
Angela Fields: And it was me. It wasn't just a little bit. It was very significant and it affected him worse than it did me as far as possessions. I got gone and he came home from being gone for a month.
Angela Fields: To that and it was it was hard.
Richelle Direny: And this is a friend that you were you allowed to stay stay with you.
Richelle Direny: Yes, and was his friend.
Angela Fields: Yes, most of our yes friends with both of us.
Richelle Direny: Um, so you will you were not in the house when this happened.
Angela Fields: I was in the house.
Angela Fields: Downstairs downstairs level is not if the garage and basement combined. It's a workshop and she smoked and she would go downstairs to smoke is no smoking in the house.
Angela Fields: While she was down there. I mean, they're all my dad's tools were talking, it was over $2,000 and tools and about $400 cash, plus all kinds of miscellaneous items and after he didn't back. We have about a week.
Angela Fields: He discovered he just come right away, things were gone. And he, I couldn't explain where he was because I didn't even know what was dealing begin with where you put things when we got here and cleaned up from where my dad. My dad was a hoarder.
Angela Fields: So I didn't know half the things in it, worried, put them to even know what was missing. To begin with, so there was no way for me to know while he was gone, that something was gone.
Angela Fields: But my spidey senses were up something wasn't right, and about week after he gotten back she went to stay with her son for a couple of days and
Angela Fields: While she was empty the trash and she was staying and I found a piece of paper where she had written something and indicated. Basically what she had done.
Angela Fields: And it caused me to search her possessions, and I found all kinds of keys to the toolbox is key. So the cabinets downstairs. Everything has been locked to begin with and
Angela Fields: She had no reason whatsoever. We have the keys in her personal possession and little things like my mom's handkerchief with her embroidered initials on it in her panties in her suitcase. It's odd thing. Yeah, I was just odd things and
Angela Fields: Was looking
Richelle Direny: In active addiction. Do you think like that was part of stealing the stuff to be able to continue to feed the addiction.
Angela Fields: And she was, she I thought she was clean. When she got here. She wasn't
Angela Fields: A cause a problem for me as a matter of fact and doctrine. And I've talked about that but
Angela Fields: I don't think she remembers doing it, to be honest with you. Um, yeah, she was what she did. And I think I don't know if you've heard people talk, they get on Xanax and O's do all kinds of crazy things and don't remember it.
Angela Fields: Sticky Fingers Xanax people have sticky fingers.
Richelle Direny: And so what ended up happening right now. Was she gone by the time he had return and that's when it was all
Angela Fields: Still here.
Angela Fields: She's still here, the viruses just pretty much heated up and
Angela Fields: We said, well, she could say through the virus, because it was kind of a matter of we didn't know the travel restrictions were starting and she like two counties way in which we can stay through the virus. We didn't know how long was going to
Angela Fields: continue as long as it did. But after I found that she, you know, selling those things we didn't let her come back into the house after future funds that we can
Richelle Direny: Um, and so, um, so you don't have any connection to a contact with her anymore.
Angela Fields: No, no.
Richelle Direny: So, like, how did it overall impacts your husband like because you said like he comes back. And all of this is going on.
Richelle Direny: Like it was it was
Angela Fields: Really hard on it. If I mean we were fighting left and right because he
Angela Fields: He was thinking I taken the item to put him somewhere, you know, cleaned up after him and
Angela Fields: Here, I'm saying no, I really don't know. I don't know. I don't know where it is. I don't know where I didn't know yet. It was stolen. And he thought had
Angela Fields: Just respected his privacy in this space.
Richelle Direny: Wow, and
Angela Fields: You want to argue for about a week.
Angela Fields: About all this
Richelle Direny: You said he will give you
Angela Fields: Huh.
Richelle Direny: You said he was arguing with you about a week.
Angela Fields: Yeah, we were arguing for about a week he was
Angela Fields: He was convinced I had done something with his things and rearranged the basement to my liking to where he can find anything.
Richelle Direny: And so at what point did he discovered like this. I really don't have anything to do with this.
Angela Fields: When I found the things in her in her possessions in that bedroom.
Angela Fields: That she shouldn't have had
Richelle Direny: Um,
Angela Fields: And so I found a note that basically implicated or guilt.
Richelle Direny: Though, so she wrote a note in the process.
Angela Fields: No to somebody like a journal entry and thrown in the trash.
Angela Fields: In London next week. That's what
Angela Fields: That was a tip of the iceberg right there. Had I not known that the dress. I would have never searched for things
Richelle Direny: What was it for him like having to once you made it. You made him aware of what was going on.
Angela Fields: His anger shifted and
Angela Fields: The wall. He had built between me him.
Angela Fields: Completely came down
Richelle Direny: And so he but then he came back and like apologize for not
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And and and so that speaks a lot to the communication.
Richelle Direny: That speaks a lot to the mode of communication or your
Angela Fields: Truck. Truck
Richelle Direny: Yes, definitely.
Richelle Direny: Shows how much trust because prior to that. Did you ever feel like there was not a whole lot of trust, or he felt that
Angela Fields: It goes a lot further with him, it's impacted him and his dad.
Angela Fields: I know where the root of it is, and I've, I've learned that he can be very brash towards me and it's the I understand where it's actually coming from
Angela Fields: That makes any sense.
Richelle Direny: And then it's good to understand it, it's good to understand the root of his the way he comes across on whether it's limited communication, whether it's the lack of trust of your for anyone.
Richelle Direny: Just his irrational thinking not being willing to do a little research, whatever it is.
Angela Fields: Because I'm making a play.
Angela Fields: But it doesn't make
Richelle Direny: It doesn't make it okay and so
Richelle Direny: While your understanding of it which means that you're a little bit more tolerant to some degree of the outreach.
Richelle Direny: It still hurts. But then it's coming into that communication and just saying, hey, listen, I understand that you're hurt and you felt like your privacy was violated and in this case, both your privacy's were finally it because
Richelle Direny: It was not just you alone. It is that
Richelle Direny: We both trusted this individual to we
Richelle Direny: opened our doors we both trusted this individual.
Richelle Direny: And we both are privacy's were violated our trust was taking advantage of. And so in that moment that Self centeredness which is pretty much what it became like him just thinking about himself, not the time to see how it has affected you
Richelle Direny: Because you're away. Come to find out all of this was going on. I was here the whole time.
Richelle Direny: I was here the whole time. And all of this was going on underneath me and no idea
Richelle Direny: Right expects to that level of trust you gave this person that was violated because in that moment, a whole lot more could have happened to you.
Richelle Direny: Grind it didn't. But, and so you know it's having that mode of communication. Like I it's like I understand where you're coming from. I understand where the root of it all is. But why, like understand, let's have this conversation because the way you treated me for a whole week.
Richelle Direny: You know, it bothers me and and so and that's where that effective communication comes in is saying is bothering me like we have to be able to work on.
Richelle Direny: You know, our level of trust for each other.
Angela Fields: And I can say this in times past where there had been something that happened and
Angela Fields: Taken out on me for lack of better words and it's nothing of this magnitude. But I can say he handled himself.
Angela Fields: He is threshold for trying to not let him, let it get to them and not taking me as hard as what he's taking things out on me in the past, you've gotten better with it.
Richelle Direny: Huh, what do you think created that change remember him.
Richelle Direny: Talking I'm
Angela Fields: Past. Yeah, just like you said, and you know just each time it's gotten better.
Angela Fields: Hmm, there's been something to happen.
Richelle Direny: And I think what's important with it all is.
Richelle Direny: Like to set the increase in that communication level.
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: When it's all said and done with a relationship, let alone a marriage. It's a highlighting when all the emotions are down. Everyone is kind of level headed. We're not in the height of the upset or whatever. The term is once we're kind of all when the seas are calm.
Richelle Direny: Now let's have a conversation. It's not allowing it to. Okay well we're calm. He's calm, he's back to his normal let's not talk about it. It's going back and talking about because like you said, over time, things will get better, especially if you feel like
Richelle Direny: It ultimately I think we all do that.
Richelle Direny: To each other.
Richelle Direny: The other person becomes the punching bag.
Angela Fields: Right, and even more so for us, because he doesn't have any friends outside of our household. You really doesn't. And that was one person.
Angela Fields: We don't associate with many people because of things like that happening and having lived a lifestyle. We've lived, you know, with drugs.
Angela Fields: The people, don't you know what comes along with lifestyles, not good people, you know,
Angela Fields: We still have yet to find that network of people were bad things don't always you know come with people and
Angela Fields: It's hard. It's hard for me and him and the one time that we, you know, good.
Angela Fields: Okay, we need to let somebody into our home and you know
Angela Fields: This happened. It's hard.
Richelle Direny: It definitely is heart expectation to is always a key player in everything that you do your expectation of people becomes the key player and you always have to question what is my expectation of this person did I raise the bar, way too high.
Richelle Direny: And so because sometimes because when you think about it.
Richelle Direny: If we're friends. Think about it. From this standpoint, we're friends. We've been kicking it for the last 15 years
Richelle Direny: Guess what.
Richelle Direny: You and I have been while we were kicking it we were using together or I have a history of you know where you are on your journey. You think you know where I am on my journey.
Angela Fields: That's exactly how it was to
Richelle Direny: You link you know where I am on my journey and what because your loyalty to our friendship, because we've been kicking it for the last for 15 years because of your loyalty to our friendship.
Richelle Direny: You put aside what you think you meant, because remember, there's that internal messaging boy and too loud about Rochelle I mean I know y'all been friends for a minute, but I really know what your loyalty to our friendship.
Richelle Direny: Is what you allow to dictate what happens next.
Richelle Direny: And because I understand that loyalty. I also am going to work on you and be like Angela Rena you just gonna leave me out here. I mean, come on now.
And
Richelle Direny: The manipulation now start coming in. But remember, this is not a journey which is unfamiliar to you the mitten. The population and everything that comes
Richelle Direny: With being an active addiction is not unfamiliar to you. So while your mind and your heart was saying, Angela, don't go down that street don't go down that route the call a spade a spade, you know that it's manipulation, your loyalty
Richelle Direny: Spoke the loudest and you allow her to come in to your space and you started convincing yourself that they won't do any of it.
Richelle Direny: Two things played a key factor in this whole situation and i think it's it's a concept to learn
Richelle Direny: That you apply to anything, any one that you decide to bring into your personal space is unruly standing there background. Two things played apart your loyalty to the friendship, as well as your fear of being alone.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Remember when we're
Angela Fields: Being alone, and there was
Angela Fields: Loyalty to the friendship, because the friendship an identity troubled waters.
Richelle Direny: It would been through troubled waters. But listen, this is this. This is a reason why it's still a loyalty, because if it had been through troubled waters enough, you wouldn't even allow me to come in your house.
Angela Fields: Right.
Richelle Direny: Because we've already had experiences. It comes down to the loyalty or two because you think about, there's some friends that y'all have been literally to hell and back.
Richelle Direny: Right, he'll go back there and you help them even though. Everybody's looking at you like,
Angela Fields: Why you keep playing. So who
Angela Fields: Does
Angela Fields: This was one of those people
Richelle Direny: And everybody's looking at you like Angela. Why would you allow this person to come around and look what they've done to you in the past. It's still
Richelle Direny: To the loyalty to the friendship, because you've been through so much but then again you have to weigh, like you said this, the two things that play. Which one is higher than the other. The fear of being alone or the loyalty to the friendship.
Angela Fields: Um,
Richelle Direny: And so while you have to understand the two key players, because remember when we're heading down a road of
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like like this more visual in our minds, we think the devil is this guy with a with a pitchfork and he looks really ugly in this than any other
Richelle Direny: First of all, if I see somebody like that. I'm not gonna friend, nobody like that because it's distasteful to the eye right because I'm not going all around you. But hey, if the devil is someone that is cool. You look at real good. He come away.
Angela Fields: And smile and lead me down to
Richelle Direny: Try to tell you. Come on now. Come with me when I come with you. What you don't know is that I am going to cause a lot of disruption in your life.
Richelle Direny: And that's how we are deceived, simply because all of it is pleasing to the eyes pleasing to the ear. Somehow, it makes her heart flutter.
Richelle Direny: Well, while your heart is fluttering its kind of hold up, hold up, hold up. No, no, no. The same fluttering real good.
Richelle Direny: But because of what we see and everything that is said to us, it feels like okay. I'm okay and then now you start questioning you start saying, and convincing yourself that it's okay.
Richelle Direny: So here it is your tool weakness in this sense, because we do a lot of things out of our weakness, not out of our strength.
Angela Fields: Right.
Richelle Direny: Our strength is an actual like you don't need to because it's my strength. I know how to deal with this. It's my strength. I got this on lock.
Richelle Direny: My weakness is always on steady ground. So I always have to be aware of my weakness. I'm week to this particular friend. I'm always going to be there. I am on my journey of
Richelle Direny: Recovery. I would love my friend to come on it with me. I would love my friend to see what it is like we've been through a whole lot. I would love them to be there with me.
Richelle Direny: My, my dad just died. This is my first time being in this home alone. You know what, now I'm here every Creek. I'm here every sound that I never heard before, but now because I'm in this House by myself. I'm in here at all.
Richelle Direny: I'm your mind blew it up to that. And so now you became fearful. So then you're saying I can't be here by myself.
Richelle Direny: So you brought her in here is your two weakness fear and loyalty. The two came together and what happened.
Richelle Direny: Now it makes you that much more distrustful of people
Richelle Direny: Simply because we allow the smooth talker to come in we allow this person who is the with the pitchfork to come in our house, but he didn't look like the devil with the pitchfork. And so I say all of that to point out the fact that, like you said,
Richelle Direny: Because of our life before because of what we know. We try not to allow people to come into our homes. We try not to allow certain things to happen and
Richelle Direny: In doing so, you both came to that place where you're like, Okay, maybe we can
Richelle Direny: And this is which will allow because in everything that I just said to you. Remember, it's your mind that blew it up way more than it needed to
Angela Fields: It's always our minds.
Richelle Direny: Always your mind blew it up way more
Angela Fields: Than everything's a matter of perception, everything
Richelle Direny: Everything but you have to be like I said, it's all about your weakness, and that's why your mind can do that because it's feeding to and speaking to the things that we struggle with.
Richelle Direny: That's what it is. Once you've gotten to it. What if it's a strength of yours.
Richelle Direny: You. It comes naturally. It's your strength. You know what to do. You know how to get through it. It's your strength, you know how to call a spade a spade when it's your strength, but when it's your weakness.
Richelle Direny: We don't keep it in our full awareness at all times. So that's how things always get us. And then in the end, you're like, man, what did I do in that identify what was your weakness in the whole thing your weaknesses, your fear.
Richelle Direny: Think about Kofi
Richelle Direny: What is the one resounding thing that's happening with everyone with this whole Kofi 19
Angela Fields: You're scared of it.
Richelle Direny: You're fearful.
Richelle Direny: And when you're fearful, what do you do
Angela Fields: After emotions, rather than watching
Richelle Direny: Amen.
Richelle Direny: Your emotions is taking you all over the place. All day long, instead of stopping and thinking that don't even make any sense. That's right. Even logical what you're saying to me, make no sense.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like what I love is the people who put on the gloves and they touching everything they touch and everything they touch in the mass. They touching the food.
Richelle Direny: Then they take off the gloves. They go back to touch the contaminated things with their bare hands that they haven't even watched logic.
Angela Fields: Mm hmm. You're not
Richelle Direny: Using logic.
Angela Fields: Right.
Richelle Direny: Because of fear.
Richelle Direny: Your base thing that's at play here it's fear.
Richelle Direny: And we find everything to justify and rationalize it simply because we haven't identified
Richelle Direny: My fear.
Richelle Direny: Are you home alone all day, for the most part, if your husband is out.
Angela Fields: No usually here. He works.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so he's downstairs. So your mindset thing is okay because you know he
Richelle Direny: So you're not fearful.
Richelle Direny: Right. What is it that you're so fearful about being in the house alone.
Angela Fields: I don't know. There's something about the dark to at once nighttime comes on. I don't know what it is. I feel like a little kid when it comes down to that when it turns dark I get here. I'm going to go downstairs on myself at night.
Richelle Direny: What do you think that you're fearful of the dark. Is it something
Angela Fields: I have no idea.
Richelle Direny: Think about it for a moment. Have you always been feared
Angela Fields: Always
Richelle Direny: A child.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Is it that did you use to watch scary movies.
Angela Fields: Now, never hate him.
Richelle Direny: Do you have siblings.
Now,
Richelle Direny: If there's if there's something has to be associated with the dark that makes you so afraid that you refuse to be alone.
Richelle Direny: Something have something
Angela Fields: That is it, is it possible or something. I don't remember.
Richelle Direny: It could be
Angela Fields: Because I cannot life of me, think back on me anything.
Angela Fields: That I know as it relates to the dark logically makes sense.
Richelle Direny: It could be a do you have, do you have any past trauma.
Angela Fields: Like what
Richelle Direny: Any kind of trauma, anything that happened to you when you were younger, no.
Richelle Direny: No, no, not that you can remember
Richelle Direny: And maybe that is something maybe that's something that you can think about because, like, for instance, like I personally. Why do we need to watch. Number one, a scary movie in the pitch black, dark black turn on the lights.
Richelle Direny: Why are you, you are like, why do I need to watch a movie and and the whole time I'm jerking like why
Angela Fields: And stupid.
Richelle Direny: Haha
Angela Fields: I think it's stupid.
Richelle Direny: It is stupid, but you think about when a child sees that what ends up happening right after they watch a scary movie in the dark, what happens
Angela Fields: And nightmares.
Richelle Direny: They don't even want to go to their room on your own, because it's too dark. They need you to be there with them.
Richelle Direny: Oh, no, no. Leave the item.
Richelle Direny: It's because so then that is something that's suppressed in our subconscious and like you said something is driving your fear of the dark
Angela Fields: Nations. I don't know what it is. I really don't.
Richelle Direny: Something is controlling that because, and this is how you know it's having an impact on you because it's one thing to be scared of the dark. I mean, we're all somewhat scared of something, because then you think of the spooky man or whatever, that's coming out of the dark but
Richelle Direny: It's not, it seems like it has some degree of control over you.
Angela Fields: Mean like i mean
Angela Fields: I parked downstairs in the garage. And if I get something on my car and it's dark outside that you know it's dark out dark downstairs I literally run and run back. I mean, that's how much of control, it has on me.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. So there's some things that maybe, maybe, maybe at a certain age of something happened that was in the dark.
Richelle Direny: Something has to be associate or I would think something has to be associated with that for you to for it to have such an impact on you while you're still terrified of the dark
Richelle Direny: It has to be, you know, like you said, it's a memory or something that you put so far back that you've suppressed so deep that is very hard for you to bring it forth into awareness to understand why am I so afraid of the dark because
Richelle Direny: If your husband ever have to go away for whatever reason. It's going to put you in a bad spot where you're going to have to bring somebody back to be with you, simply because and it's not that you need to see the person there with you all the time. You just need to
Richelle Direny: Know, somebody's house and
Richelle Direny: Having our fear, like you said, will act on emotions and not on logics
Angela Fields: Right.
Richelle Direny: You're so afraid of the dark, you will stay more focused on the
Richelle Direny: emotion of it, the emotional impact which will create a physical impact on you, which is what you're saying you're running all the time. Anytime you have to deal with the dark that you're not really thinking logically. It's like if
Richelle Direny: If you have animals and you're in the dark and one comes running across you'll probably go screaming and kicking and carrying on, and the poor dog will come on the dark looking like or cat will say, What's wrong, what was on that for
Richelle Direny: Simply because of your fear of the dark
Angela Fields: I mean, heck, I'll put one of the cats on my shoulders and run downstairs with the cat with me. I mean, that's how
Richelle Direny: Because you know you have something there.
Richelle Direny: You have a light there, whatever that life is you don't care. It's another life, something has to be associated with the dark and until you come into aware of what that something is. That's when you will be able to work through that fear.
Richelle Direny: Some and it could be something dramatic. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: You know, that's why I asked you that something happened in the past where maybe in the dark, something happened, whether it was in school or something bad, whatever it is.
Angela Fields: Now you know i know i mean nothing that I can remember or know of
Richelle Direny: When you were in active addiction.
Angela Fields: Huh.
Richelle Direny: Do you remember. Can you remember anything happening when you were in active addiction.
Angela Fields: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Worth bad things that happened to you.
Angela Fields: Know,
Richelle Direny: Not that you can remember
Angela Fields: Now, okay.
Richelle Direny: Maybe this is our journey is being able to talk through it and as you talk through it. Something maybe will pop up and
Richelle Direny: Be like this big bad thing or what have you, but maybe something will pop up like I had someone who is a fear of loud noise but that are they had PTSD from a bad accident, but then it ended up turning out into that.
Richelle Direny: triggers the trauma, but it's through it that allows you to bring it into awareness that maybe this is what it is. And when you bring it up, you will start maybe having some memories, whether it's vivid, or what have you to bring it into awareness, what is really causing that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um, let us reschedule.
Richelle Direny: You said evenings are always best for you this time.
Angela Fields: This time or later. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's do
Richelle Direny: today. Today's Tuesday. Let's do the second at four.
Angela Fields: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Which is a Tuesday, which is technically in
Richelle Direny: Three weeks I think
Angela Fields: The second. Okay.
Angela Fields: I'm having surgery on the camp, so
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yes. The second, the second
Richelle Direny: The second at for
This okay
Richelle Direny: Um, now I again I am really sorry about that because they said I was sitting here waiting for your
Angela Fields: It's not your fault.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so that's why I was like
Richelle Direny: Very she feels okay, Angela. So I will see you tomorrow in group.
Angela Fields: Sounds good.
Richelle Direny: Alright, man. Have a good one.
Angela Fields: You too. Michelle, thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Melonie Powers: Oh,
Richelle Direny: I'm Melanie. I'm sorry. I have a session that kind of went over to
Melonie Powers: You know,
Richelle Direny: That that's a big, you have a big dog, they're
Melonie Powers: Really good.
Melonie Powers: Work you guys eat your own dishes.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Let me finish entering this appointment.
Richelle Direny: Are you still are you still
Richelle Direny: I know the last time we met you were going to the shop.
Melonie Powers: Good.
Melonie Powers: You were what
Richelle Direny: You were going on a job. The last time we met.
Melonie Powers: Yeah. Um, so I went through the system.
Melonie Powers: Because I was working full time hours I'm self employed and you know I do good work merchandising, we were doing for reporting on
Melonie Powers: It just so happened, they were going to end anyway.
Melonie Powers: But it just so happened to the end at all.
Richelle Direny: I think you froze. If you can hear me.
Melonie Powers: So anyway, um,
Melonie Powers: Yeah, so, so I worked at last time. And then I worked
Melonie Powers: Yesterday Monday.
Melonie Powers: For another job but um I qualify for the unemployment.
Melonie Powers: Because they relax the rules were bad, even though the one job I got fired all of all
Melonie Powers: I get 120 A WEEK FROM THAT LAST THREE three jobs, whatever.
Melonie Powers: You know, because they go 18 months back, you know, I mean, and then because I've been a good employee and I happen to be working
Melonie Powers: Full time our
Melonie Powers: Warranty stock that will
Melonie Powers: fare. Then after that all of our jobs right up. So I qualify for
Melonie Powers: The 602
Melonie Powers: But I'm having problems because I'm sure you've heard a lot of this stuff. And, you know, get in and out there. Everything's been approved. And I was able to get one week of certifications and so like my certifications include like the work I do.
Melonie Powers: So certain like on a week of for 15 you know I made like $37
Melonie Powers: Right.
Melonie Powers: Under the 50 that you're allowed to earn I may have or more. This week I'm not sure.
Melonie Powers: But then the next but so I put that first weekend. Right. And then I don't know what happened to this customer email.
Melonie Powers: It said it. Let me do that first week. And it actually gave me a 600 and some dollars payments day
Melonie Powers: For that one week. Right.
Melonie Powers: When I went into put in my second week and then I have I have several weeks to put in obviously going back for 15 you know
Richelle Direny: It's good, right.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry for the unemployment.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, so it gives me this. Um, it gives me an error. And it says, You stated that you were separated recently from an employer, you have to file a claim.
Melonie Powers: Well, I can't. I'll admit.
Melonie Powers: I have one. I even try because I got to the point where I tried that route.
Melonie Powers: Those like that's all wrong. Nice and self employed. So I downloaded it I downloaded or search, you know, and the work that I've been doing
Melonie Powers: I found it took me so long to figure out how to get it in their system would accept it because I kept trying and trying. It wasn't working. So now what I'm doing is I'm putting in self employed.
Melonie Powers: What the job where the job is that I'm doing what the company name is that I got the job from and how much I made, which is under $7 and 50 cents a job or eight
Melonie Powers: On the weekends, when they throw them to those level. Um, you know what I mean to go to the store and do this little job. You try to get routes. You know what I mean.
Melonie Powers: But, um, but since he gave me that error. I haven't been able to put any more week. And so since last week when I started putting this stuff in finally
Melonie Powers: I've been emailing and emailing them going. I need somebody to set this correct because like I haven't recently been separated from an employer I'm my own employer.
Melonie Powers: And I am working and I'm planning my money and I have all the search logs put in, you know,
Melonie Powers: I got one week. It literally went in today but you know I gotta get the rest in and
Melonie Powers: I got emails back and things and then. So the first thing they do is they send you an article. Oh, well, this article tell you which tells you, like if your Social Security ends in the last four numbers. This is your day you know to go in and certify and then like when he is Wednesday through
Melonie Powers: Thursday or Friday, Wednesday, Friday. He was is all anybody people in no matter what the number is. That's not a problem. The problem is it's got a glitch thing that I said somewhere, apparently.
Melonie Powers: Don't see how that could possibly happen that I separated for me because I didn't work resolved, but I wasn't sure it was gonna work.
Melonie Powers: But everything the timing, all of it because I want literally from full time nothing, pretty much.
Melonie Powers: Everybody shut down. There's no, there's nothing. And then I'm still considered an essential worker, we will do merchandising stuff in stores.
Melonie Powers: But still, there was nothing and things are starting to come back now and I'm pressing on but in this meantime and for all the past, we got, I've got over 2000
Melonie Powers: Don't stay there more than that now of money that's mine where I was only able to get one weekend you don't certify we don't pay effort.
Richelle Direny: But I
Melonie Powers: Gotta fix it. You can't get through them trying to email saying I've downloaded it to my email that my documents.
Melonie Powers: You know, took a picture of it and like if I can't put it in here. Here's a copy. You can see, you know,
Richelle Direny: I mean, I was on unemployment, they're there, they're very meticulous with everything you have to
Richelle Direny: Ensure that you enter the correct information.
Richelle Direny: Because they will hold you to it or you would have to go back
Richelle Direny: But, but when it comes down to self employment, how are you able to enter that into a system because there's no real way for you to prove it.
Melonie Powers: Whether it's because I get my direct deposit
Melonie Powers: And then I have
Melonie Powers: Like I bought my app.
Melonie Powers: From the company that I get jobs from
Melonie Powers: And it has all of my past projects where I worked when I was paid that design and it gives the dates and locations and everything.
Melonie Powers: So I, I take screenshots of them, but like, so like if I'm doing like you see like, you know, the you know the actual worksheet. What I do is I put the date of a contest, because you have to make three work searches or be working, you know, so I'm on both basically
Melonie Powers: So I'm able to go in and put the date like that I work where I work.
Melonie Powers: Even
Melonie Powers: Even though I don't work for that company so self employed, but this is where I work that day. And what did I do that day. I'm working on is
Melonie Powers: I'm self employed for that specific job I need, whatever, you know, and then usually I'll have like 323 or four, but they, they're just not out there right now to get like for make a whole huge drop and
Melonie Powers: You know if they pay a lot higher when you do it that way. Right now, I'm just picking and choosing the and there's not a lot out there, but
Melonie Powers: And so it says, you know, because I'm self employed. I'm a 1099 contractor and since we lost all those stories that I was doing where I was full time fake and I gave them all that stuff all
Melonie Powers: All hours.
Melonie Powers: To two different 1099 companies to get that work, and I was telling about my work. You remember that when I worked all day straight was and I got
Melonie Powers: Sick, too.
Melonie Powers: So,
Melonie Powers: Because I was working full time because I did have to quarantine for 14 days because I didn't have to provide the doctors excuse to come back after that I lost that money and then after that none of those jobs are available and the reality is, those jobs.
Melonie Powers: Are not going to be available. We did them all basically except for the last two, which led to do
Melonie Powers: There's other ones that occasion that come up that if they're in my area, you know, within like an hour, hour and a half of me.
Melonie Powers: They're not there. No, and
Melonie Powers: So I just, I actually qualify under the Federal
Melonie Powers: And I actually qualify because they relax the rules where it doesn't even matter that I got fired from. Well, I should say my last two jobs one before that, you know, I was doing merchandising for print partners were
Melonie Powers: You know, lifting you know these things just tons of plants when I fell down in my basement stairs, and I couldn't work. I couldn't do it anymore because I hurt my back. And then I went, it's already hurt. I really heard it when I did that.
Melonie Powers: And then I ended up going in for all that stuff. So I had to resign next position, but so
Melonie Powers: They've got me as a standalone 120 plus 600 that the federal government in me, so I'm just looking for as long as they can because
Melonie Powers: You know weren't for the type of on my to you meet that
Melonie Powers: Sequence.
Melonie Powers: Month August or somewhere with it and meantime I'm having to go away it all, you know, start working on all these teeth. He filling all this stuff done to him.
Melonie Powers: Well, I have an appointment starting that stuff.
Richelle Direny: Didn't you have a dentist appointment.
Richelle Direny: After we met, we have you had a dentist appointment.
Richelle Direny: How was that
Melonie Powers: In healing. Pretty good. I just, you know, I kept hitting it with my toothbrush was little aggravated but I mean they pulled it out and he will hit pull it out. He had to cut it, you know, had stuff. But, um, well then I went back for my recheck and then now he wants to check back with me.
Melonie Powers: We can all live in here yet or
Melonie Powers: Is it, like, six weeks, roughly, you know,
Melonie Powers: Or maybe even two months. Make sure it heals because he knows that I want to get an implant there.
Melonie Powers: I'm so close to the farm my mouth, you know,
Melonie Powers: So it needs time to heal. And so while we're waiting for that next checkups and make sure everything's good deal correctly. And then they can see that in the meantime.
Melonie Powers: I have, you know, get all the other. Well, I don't have to compete at all. You don't mean that I have to get started on it.
Melonie Powers: So,
Melonie Powers: Kind of the last thing that you know
Melonie Powers: Well, I just qualify for the influence the way that they finish things up. I qualify for for it. So I'm not going to say I'm working system or anything because reality is, I'm not
Melonie Powers: And I'm still going and doing my job when I do
Richelle Direny: An employment is with the federal government and and I've learned years ago when it comes on to the federal government. There is no working the system because they're gonna they're gonna
Melonie Powers: If
Richelle Direny: That you falsify
Melonie Powers: The government here.
Richelle Direny: You'll see everything you have. And they don't
Melonie Powers: Care. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Take it back. Yeah.
Melonie Powers: It's not worth your life right now. So, but no, I do. But I qualify under all of the stuff I think was. They didn't say it. You know, it's all the states they all had to catch up.
Melonie Powers: Now had to get their systems ready for it. And I think I had a glitch in the system. So it will be like I said one weekend and then it just flashed up on me and it won't let me file in my weeks.
Melonie Powers: And then it says I have to follow any plane and then it goes, You can't fall asleep that one open. He's already been so I've been sending off to their help desk.
Melonie Powers: Through my account. You know, so they know who who it is the documents. I'm attaching
Melonie Powers: You know explanation of everything. Try to get
Richelle Direny: Unemployment, don't you have to, um,
Richelle Direny: I think you have to submit weekly that you have been looking for a job or you've been applying for a job, you have to do there.
Melonie Powers: Well, exactly. And so they asked, you know, are you available for or did you turn down work. So yes, I'm available for
Melonie Powers: Yes, I've been accepting work. And that's really what's been saving me because even before I knew all this stuff. I was grabbing what I could
Melonie Powers: So we're going back to April 15 the following week goes from the main key to the 25th and then from the 25th is the beginning of May, you know how to survive that week but
Melonie Powers: And I just happen. You know, because that's what I do. There are in my area and I get him. I'll take them because even
Melonie Powers: In my world, if I if I make a you know $50 a day on a route before stores you know I'm in there for 20 minutes 15 minutes. It's really bad sometimes 30 minutes the store.
Melonie Powers: Is the travel that really gets you. But I've been doing those. So not so I have the work sessions, because I've been to three different companies technically working and claiming my wages.
Richelle Direny: And
Melonie Powers: Playing with but it falls, because it is such a little amount of money and there's so little amount of work out there right now where this wasn't the case before
Melonie Powers: I fall under that $50 a week that you can make
Melonie Powers: Before they go into that $120 benefit from my job from last year. And once I got fired from
Melonie Powers: I didn't expect anything to happen after like you know I got fired. I got fired and I resigned.
Melonie Powers: Um, it's an ethical standard. Is it, you know, it was legit. You know, I did the wrong thing. Whatever.
Melonie Powers: So I didn't hear, but they didn't know where I felt that
Melonie Powers: And then I put specifically on there. So the truth.
Richelle Direny: So let's say if you work this week. Um, and you work $100 for the week and you put in your claim and you put that you made 100 the unemployment, why don't they just subtract $100 from what
They
Melonie Powers: Yeah, they read well actually 53 I can $50 without accepting anything or changing anything. So then that next $50 would be
Melonie Powers: 120
Melonie Powers: And they pulled out of that. What's left and then I still am eligible with a federal 600 and then they fall like $70 taxes out of that. So today for that one week.
Melonie Powers: I got like $680
Melonie Powers: In earnings for one week.
Richelle Direny: You said for you how much you got 108 hours or
Melonie Powers: 600 608 because it's given that 600 a week.
Melonie Powers: So,
Melonie Powers: In a way it's in my best interest.
Melonie Powers: To say self employed because I have working
Melonie Powers: On going out and searching for the job. I'm bed. I'm getting them. They don't pay crap. But that's my work. That's what I do.
Richelle Direny: Because the one
Richelle Direny: The one when we, when we met last week and then she said you were only going to get like 20 something dollars for whatever it is that you were doing right
Melonie Powers: Yeah, like so, like that we're
Melonie Powers: 419 to 25 I only need eight hours that week because Jenna jobs I bid on I got wait listed and I didn't get them.
Melonie Powers: But it doesn't mean that I didn't apply for them I apply for those jobs as a contractor, go get them. Like I was weightlifting somebody got there before me is
Richelle Direny: Like is it like a like a job pool type of thing that you you apply to
Melonie Powers: designing apps and I work for cute. I have a couple of different apps that I work off of
Melonie Powers: So like if you go into a supermarket or okay I've been at Lowes, and they have like a son has the sons are all these different things.
Melonie Powers: And, you know, there's a little thing, you know, the cardboard thing they put their merchandising
Melonie Powers: And really right now I'm doing its own in there, making sure that if there were supposed to be that it has enough facing that the prices are right and showing
Melonie Powers: And then I read merchandise to make it look good but I go through each item on that shelf and pretty fast pricing is it in stock or not all off.
Melonie Powers: And run through it, get it done download that and then I'll usually run right to my next job minister, but I'll try to get like three or four of those at a time. So like I'm
Melonie Powers: Telling that too, but because it was mother's
Melonie Powers: Day like 30
Melonie Powers: That one you know mean
Melonie Powers: Weekend and they didn't have anybody to do it.
Richelle Direny: How
Melonie Powers: It pans out how
Richelle Direny: How long does each of those jobs, take
Melonie Powers: Like I say, like, because once you get familiar with the product it sometimes it's like 15 minutes
Melonie Powers: Java was the one I did yesterday.
Melonie Powers: Was about plants and things. So I was having to look to the exact number of you on a whole rack of all different plants and that would be longer.
Melonie Powers: But it paid a much more so it was two stores and you know we spend about a half in on this is this, I spent about a half an hour to 40 minutes on the first one and then the second one was quicker because I knew what I you know I knew what was going on because I just did it.
Melonie Powers: In me
Melonie Powers: And then so and I have a lot of us.
Melonie Powers: Have jobs like the different products.
Melonie Powers: I go to the same stores a lot
Melonie Powers: But
Melonie Powers: The big money jobs aren't there anymore. And that qualifies me so and I and I hate to say it, because I, you know, I'm looking at
Melonie Powers: Well, I'm not sure I'm on my third year in third tier level of insurance.
Melonie Powers: So hopefully the prices my teeth and stuff will come down, we'll go over that I made you agreement. In fact, I need to talk to you about that too because they their first opening is may 26 that was off and that is our next appointment isn't
Melonie Powers: It that spot. What does it look like three I have three are my five look like trees, I think.
Melonie Powers: We're on the 25th of five right
Richelle Direny: At five. Yeah, yeah.
Melonie Powers: Okay, no worries. I'll be back by then.
Melonie Powers: But on that 26 like that.
Science
Richelle Direny: This is for your health insurance.
Melonie Powers: My dental
Okay.
Melonie Powers: So they're not going to cover you know they cover so much but I'm on my third year of paying into them. So they pay more. The longer obviously you're with them. That's how it works, but they still don't cover.
Melonie Powers: Now hovercraft really what I need my kids are so screwed up. It's just it runs in the family.
Melonie Powers: What
Melonie Powers: You're gonna do
Richelle Direny: With dentist appoint with dental with you talking about with the dental insurance.
Melonie Powers: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you have to agree. I think it's the insurance is a quite a bit of ripoff because they don't really cover anything
Melonie Powers: It really is horrible.
Richelle Direny: True ripoff.
Melonie Powers: Hey, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Optical pay for your dental work.
Melonie Powers: This is why I was working like I had
Melonie Powers: Put my bag. Remember I was doing all that full time status and that was basically I was working for my P. Okay.
Melonie Powers: So when those jobs right away. And when I, myself, fantastic. And I wasn't sure there were they didn't have tests that are even if you showed up into into emergency. They didn't have them yet.
Melonie Powers: Um, but I still had to quarantine. We knew that, you know, and then come back 14 days later, people love I miss to work or two weeks, excuse me, you know, doing that. So yeah, but I was like, you know,
Melonie Powers: That's all bed for my teeth and I had saved over 1200 dollars during that, you know, and I don't mean the 1200s of government Senate, and I don't mean our income tax returns, I save that.
Melonie Powers: And then wanted to add, and then all my money job all the jobs job. So in a way, I want to go. I'm going to melt this system for as long as I can because the federal government giving an extra $600
Melonie Powers: The is never in my lifetime is going to happen again and I can certainly do three stores a week.
Melonie Powers: And a half an hour, you know, even I spent longer variety of states. I didn't my stores, trying to get one was on the western one on that you sent
Melonie Powers: But I have to do it. And I said, you know, talking to my husband, and he's like, what are you stupid. I'm like, it's not stupid because I could drive miles.
Melonie Powers: You know, spend the time in the store and come home and there I have this to my work searches on for the week done you know because Sunday, sir, sweet, you know,
Melonie Powers: Today, and I'm like, and I have to do that. It's either that or as a lot and I applied for an actual job and I don't want a fuckin actual job because
Melonie Powers: You know, I'll just tell somebody right now, I'm just not looking good. I hate to say it that way because my heart flutter in the world that actually me. That's my problem. Maybe because I kind of have that choice.
Richelle Direny: Maybe that's your problem because you've had that choice.
Melonie Powers: I kind of do i mean i do you know we'll haul everything we really do need me to be making about $1,000 a month. And that's for all extras.
Melonie Powers: So that means the more I get all the bills are paid depart David ensure everything paid your has
Melonie Powers: That that extra money I bring in
Melonie Powers: That goes the grocery bullshit animal. And when I say animals. They go, you know, the cleantech should have $27 a fish, you know, and they're $55 55 pound bag of food and
Melonie Powers: You know all the meanings of the house and you know redoing the bathrooms and all that kind of stuff, and all the things that I've done, you know, here.
Melonie Powers: On everything you know that's the extra money that makes it easy or I should say for us to live. Otherwise, we're just bare bone in it, you know.
Melonie Powers: So I was making that money and then I'm still making enough on top of it to do those things, you know, I still put money back from Nike and then I also put I put the $400 retainer down to be truly healthy
Melonie Powers: I don't
Melonie Powers: Have it
Richelle Direny: Were able to save money because I remember in the past, you did talk about needing to get money to file the bankruptcy because of you know what the debt and you having to work with all of these that you have
Richelle Direny: So you were able to save for the bankruptcy and for to get your dental work done.
Melonie Powers: Well, it was just the
Melonie Powers: $400 down for the attorney, but part of that came out of my tax returns. So that wasn't my work for me.
Melonie Powers: And then I spent like called hundred dollars my own. But if you remember back in early March and all the February I was working all the story says so.
Melonie Powers: You know those are like $120 a day four.
Melonie Powers: Days a week.
And
Melonie Powers: So yeah, I was saving that money and now all of it. You know, like I said someone to grocery on one obviously to get ahead. I've been rapes and murders on the car that email out of the income taxes and
Melonie Powers: They feel like I'm we're
Melonie Powers: All I'm saying is, but, you know, things like that. But what I'm trying to say. Yeah, I mean, I was able to save 1200 out of everything.
Melonie Powers: At the end of the day, you know,
Melonie Powers: Like no, I want the unemployment insurance to keep kicking in. I cannot lose week and I cannot sit back and not have a file.
Melonie Powers: Because I'm legit.
Melonie Powers: And I'm done a milk it for everything I can. Because I need as much money as I can right now to put towards my teeth when I go in
Melonie Powers: On the 26 they're wanting
Melonie Powers: $368
Melonie Powers: That's
Richelle Direny: What you know so we do
Melonie Powers: Oh no, I'm sorry, that's bad, my bad. I'm sorry 500
Melonie Powers: It's 368 for one and then 203 for all the other periodontal it's all
Melonie Powers: I you know I asked them, I'm fed up with a shift because I'm like, you know, I used to go to the dentist. If I had a cavity. It was fill it. Now I'm running up against the ship, because we've done something close. So I've called dentists that are now, just know really
Melonie Powers: Well, to be a new patient and get into them is months down the road. Now because they're reschedule and all their original location.
Melonie Powers: data flows down. They have no TV and stuff that they need it. So now I'm back with is asked and mental and but now there's her to tell me you know I have to do.
Melonie Powers: The periodontal scaly roots, maybe give up or loss lower law digital irrigation for quadrant up a lot lower, left and then the same for the next for the right side.
Melonie Powers: And then, you know, I've got to do all this stuff first because I'm like, you know, I want you to start filling my cavities. I want to say he, you know, I felt like one here.
Melonie Powers: You know you can't see it, you see that black down there, you know, and it needs to be safe.
Melonie Powers: And you know, that's what happens when you go 20 years about for the dental insurance Ashley more young, but when he, when I was young.
Melonie Powers: Or even when I was going to the next, you know, the free clinics to base it off your wages. When I lived in the keys and they need some done. It didn't make me go through all this crap. They just did what we needed you know it at all.
Melonie Powers: So I feel like I'm being ripped off and I and not having to say about it.
Richelle Direny: I have a question. So like, what's the dentist. I'm like, I don't, I don't know if they haven't. They're in Tennessee, and I know where you live. Maybe it may be far from you or what have you, because you live in, like, a rural area but
Richelle Direny: Like I know here in Florida. They have because like I said, the dentist. Their, their complete ripoff. They charge unnecessary amount of money for the silliest things. And every time you go you need more work than you want it before.
Richelle Direny: So like here they have
Richelle Direny: Like the one of the universities. It has a School of Dentistry
Melonie Powers: And most people
Melonie Powers: Have I've already looked into it, but because of my husband's income.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you don't
Melonie Powers: Qualify for
Anything.
Melonie Powers: It doesn't matter.
Melonie Powers: It doesn't matter all this money goes into his account. I have no access to that money.
Melonie Powers: Just because your mentor, because I'm married.
Richelle Direny: Says, don't you tired, you don't you filed separately.
Melonie Powers: We did not file separately because when I taught what I thought we had to initially from
Melonie Powers: The women that I had with one girl. The one day before I actually had my put down on an attorney, you know, like the free consultation.
Melonie Powers: Um,
Melonie Powers: But then I sat down and talked to this new attorney here in Rochester hills, and he said, it does not matter. You have got to put all of your husband's income, but that's the only 50 about that is, he's got pension.
Melonie Powers: Is me because he's retired electrician.
Melonie Powers: From state of New Jersey. So he's got a pension from there.
Melonie Powers: That counts as income his social security money.
Melonie Powers: Doesn't count as income they can't include that.
Melonie Powers: So that I can put this down where I could file of bankruptcy, but the other party is looking at it going as I'm working for myself why it's going to end up dealing with $2,000 to file bankruptcy. And it's not like I can just charge my student debt.
Melonie Powers: I've been on for years now a payment plan.
Melonie Powers: But because of my low wages.
Melonie Powers: It ends up being a zero dollar a month payment.
Melonie Powers: So mishit in order to be, but it still counts toward that 20 of these 2020 years, whatever it counts towards it, because I don't miss any, you know, have to recertified or whatnot. I do. Amen.
Melonie Powers: So I'm several years into that. But, uh,
Melonie Powers: I don't know. I lost track. I got off track somewhere but you know anybody. And so what he is in some has to become it. That was the bankruptcy.
Melonie Powers: So we file jointly because it gave us we were looking at if we filed it separately married separately. We were going to get like 100 some odd dollars for the both of us. We ended up with 23 four, I want to say $100
Melonie Powers: For our income taxes filing jointly.
Melonie Powers: And since I have to claim is my anyway. I'm like, Screw it. What they can't not a community property state again. Laughter For my debt.
Melonie Powers: But I have to
Melonie Powers: Qualify for bankers and my other thing is I'm wondering if I didn't want to do that because what do they have to garnish, unless they get a lead on my bank account or something like that was for know about it. There was never be anything that I work for myself.
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Melonie Powers: So, do I really want to file bankruptcy or badges for a whole lot for seven years, let it fall off. Well, not so much. We're pretty much starting out and things just started charging off what last year. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: By
Melonie Powers: Our
Richelle Direny: How long does it say on your credit
Melonie Powers: It'll stay on there for seven years. If it's part of it will basically he is on for 10 years
Melonie Powers: So then when
Richelle Direny: You're charged often
Melonie Powers: Huh.
Richelle Direny: Why not just make it to a charge off words on your credit for less than
Melonie Powers: Well, that's what I'm saying. Why should I spend two grand on an attorney to pay for it when I don't have assets for them.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Melonie Powers: I'm not on home you know that I'm not on
Melonie Powers: TV, you don't have anything
Like
It.
Richelle Direny: But I'm your husband pays for your medical insurance.
Melonie Powers: Line.
Melonie Powers: You know,
Melonie Powers: Say,
Melonie Powers: We don't have festivals me none so when we started this year. It wasn't like I had to pay $400, you know, or 1000 or 2000 4000. Some people have been
Melonie Powers: Picking. We don't need any of that. I don't have insurance, even if you specialist
Melonie Powers: So,
Richelle Direny: I thought that was one of the things that when you first started that you had to you. Had you had a copay
Melonie Powers: Ashanti Kobe. And that's what's been killing me because I will see. I see in my regular physician. I want you all now seeing my back.
Melonie Powers: And now seeing the dentist and I was trying to I was doing everything, plus all my medication. So there's always a copay and $50 copay for everything. And then if my medication bash pay for
Melonie Powers: It ends up being $30 when you do through that $60 a month.
Melonie Powers: And then $30 a month when I see dinner.
Melonie Powers: And then now.
Melonie Powers: So you start adding in, you know, the back doctor and then my regular physician. He's like, Oh, and I had to go and that was all because and I was had to get my my breast, you know, breast exam.
Melonie Powers: And then you know my mammogram and I had to go for my yearly pass here because I kind of pre cancer cells me. So if I have a yearly and I had to go see a dermatologist in problem is in. So it was just, it was adding up to
Melonie Powers: A lot
Melonie Powers: You know 15 1530 there, you know, and I will see I had so many appointments
Melonie Powers: Loosening
Melonie Powers: Why we decided, and I asked.
Melonie Powers: Dr. Jamison, you don't thank you for one week. See you. The next because right now and just call me. Joe, yes, you go back to the pastor
Melonie Powers: And then I'll go, you know,
Melonie Powers: But you know, it's just like, I start adding all these and then I see doctors have my regular physician.
Melonie Powers: In her every three months now.
Melonie Powers: And then, but with all these dentist appointments between I'm trying to, you know, I'm sorry, entire hours in love with my nightmare. Oh.
Melonie Powers: Medical crap.
Richelle Direny: That's fine, that's fine. That is fine because, I mean, if it's a current investment if it's a current stressor. It's kind of something that you're going through
Richelle Direny: It's very important to talk about and that's why I'm here. It's very important to talk about it.
Richelle Direny: Because it helps you once you sort it out because it's one thing to keep things in your head and try to sort it out in your head when you're talking to someone
Richelle Direny: And you're trying to sort it out while you're figuring things out. Because one of the things, earlier you said was that the fact that because you have a choice because you're a contractor. You have a choice.
Richelle Direny: The question is, I want, do I want to stay a contract or do I want to go back to a regular job. I don't want to go back to a regular job. Maybe that's my problem because I have a choice. I don't have to go back to my right, I could choose what I want to do. And I understand it.
Melonie Powers: I will see if this
Melonie Powers: If they weren't given that I'm sorry if the federal government weren't giving that extra money. That wouldn't be an option if I don't make enough. You know what I mean.
Melonie Powers: Mm hmm. But since I qualify for so long, I kind of want to milk that this has been for my teeth.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Melonie Powers: It's gonna pay for my teeth and allow me the time every, every job that I look at it, you know, all these jobs out there if I wanna but you have to be available for whatever schedule whenever they want. They have like a part time. It's really full time, you know,
Melonie Powers: Yes.
Melonie Powers: You're working on, you know, and you don't be. It's not like I can say, look, you know, I have an appointment and this is a recurring
Melonie Powers: You know, like, not just you, but you know group. And so I need to make sure those specific hours are off.
Melonie Powers: Now I have my dentist. Listen, I'm sorry, between the dentist dental surgeon, they are going to be working together and my regular doctor, which has to see me and I have all these places all in my, you know, my, my calendar.
Richelle Direny: I think this is this is the thing which is real.
Richelle Direny: It's that listen, I completely understand in having the flexibility of dictating your what you do with your time. It's really important. I completely get that
Melonie Powers: And it never comes about. That way, those
Melonie Powers: Who so
Melonie Powers: Oh, and it never happens that way. So I feel very fortunate. If I do get it fixed. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: You
Melonie Powers: Can
Richelle Direny: Count your blessings, because the reality. Some people and depending on your skill or your trade or whatever it is. And you're capable of doing that.
Richelle Direny: And that's a stressor within itself. Listen, stress comes in many different forms and it affects our overall health when you're having to get up every day.
Richelle Direny: You have to go to a job at a certain time. And like you said you have to give up your time and if whether you're working full time or part time if your salary or hourly, you know, you still are governed
Melonie Powers: Under whatever song.
Richelle Direny: You're under there. If they say, I want you to work three to 11 well three to 11 is not going to work because hey, I have animals.
Richelle Direny: And I can't be well we don't care you need to figure it out if you have, if they work nine to five and you're like, Monday through Friday, but I have all these appointments. That means that you're not the man for the job.
Richelle Direny: So, so you have to but bringing that into awareness and I like what you said. And you have to own it. You really truly have to own it, Melanie because I love it, what you said.
Richelle Direny: Maybe that's my problem because I have a choice, but I don't want to work for someone full time.
Richelle Direny: On it, because it's not just, I don't want to work for someone full time because I don't feel like it but you're saying
Richelle Direny: These are the reasons why I don't want to work for someone full time because it's going to get in the way of all of these different things that I have going on and being being I'm
Melonie Powers: On our side RC. Yeah, I'll be
Yes.
Melonie Powers: My head my see my not. Oh, good.
Melonie Powers: All the ball here.
Richelle Direny: Go. Okay, go back to what our group topic was last week when we talked about the four things. Life is short jobs are temporary health is wealth.
Richelle Direny: And we need to survive for you. And I think you did say that health is wealth last what that what's important for me is my health.
Richelle Direny: Being under someone's regime. I'm going to say it like that, where they're telling you, you got to get up, you got to do this. You got to do that. You got to and if you're not meeting their criteria they put this added stress on you, you
Melonie Powers: Get fired again.
Richelle Direny: You get fired again.
Richelle Direny: So you have
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: That kind of stress is my i can handle.
Richelle Direny: I can't handle someone telling me to do A, B, and C where I know mentally, physically, I'm not able to do that, you have back pain.
Richelle Direny: You're working at a job. It's requiring you to be physical and you know that's going to aggravate your back pain. So then, therefore, I can do it. So if for right until you have to make that conscious decision to say
Richelle Direny: If being my own contractor me picking and choosing the jobs that I can based on my physical structure based on my health based on my mental capacity based on everything that's going on with me.
Richelle Direny: If I can if I can pick and choose the job to do and this is how much I'm going to make in a day. I have to be okay with it if it means that
Melonie Powers: choosy and
Melonie Powers: I'm not okay with it. I mean, I'm not okay with why me now.
Melonie Powers: I'm only okay
Melonie Powers: For as long as on and one will go
Richelle Direny: And so, if so, like you said, in this time. But when I say be okay with it be okay with it for right now.
Melonie Powers: Be okay my entire life.
Melonie Powers: I'm going to be 47 a month and I will get things like I've been paying into your system into unemployment and so all of this stuff like so for me right now. I have your results.
Melonie Powers: Because, am I going to work the system a little bit. Yeah, but I qualify under the law.
Melonie Powers: What he
Melonie Powers: Put out there I qualify
Richelle Direny: But don't don't feel
Melonie Powers: Like you feel guilty.
Melonie Powers: Obviously I do I, because I know. So being people are hurting and and it's not like I'm not out of it. Because if I don't get this money or get a job or however it works out. I don't want my teeth, and I won't live that way I want. I'm not
Melonie Powers: I think you know enough to be right about now you see me like I feel about it. No, it takes two seconds for me to go boom, I hate. I like it. I'm done. And it's not even a joke because I just go down hard and
Melonie Powers: When I feel ugly, especially, and it's not just getting older, or if you mean it's just the values my teeth. That's a fundamental structure of my say hey,
Richelle Direny: I hear you.
Melonie Powers: I hear you know, things like that. And, you know, to have to do my groups and things, those are those are requirements that are put on now. I never had to do any of that.
Melonie Powers: Or and no
Melonie Powers: I mean, I always as the counseling for myself, because I've been through so much, but I never had these requirements and no you know I have to follow them.
Melonie Powers: In order to keep myself able to function you. It's just so but I still feel bad because people out there. It can't be. It can't eat it.
Melonie Powers: But this is my
Richelle Direny: Question to you. Wow, it's so it's just saying to you, Melanie that despite everything you've gone through despite how you feel about yourself and your circumstances.
Richelle Direny: It's just showing that I'm human, and I still feel for other people. But right now, what's important is me. What's important is where I am today.
Melonie Powers: What's enough for me, which I think is kind of a cool thing.
Melonie Powers: Because I've never, I've never really been I'm not, you know,
Melonie Powers: You don't kill yourself when you feel bored intervene, like so, for me to be taking care of myself making the appointments growing to be on top of it. You know, everybody can make them.
Richelle Direny: Because I've got
Melonie Powers: My ship.
Richelle Direny: Going to it. So you're making, you're, you're saying that I'm meaningful and I'm in. You're doing it all and you're following it through.
Richelle Direny: We just had
That
Melonie Powers: Set
Melonie Powers: Yes.
Richelle Direny: It's a new stuff.
Richelle Direny: And and and so basking that in even if you get emotional.
Richelle Direny: Make it be joyful because it is a new step for you. You've come along, you've come a long way since we've been together.
Richelle Direny: And just us meeting right now I've ever seen you smile so much or chuckled so much at different things as you speak.
Richelle Direny: So it's a new step for you and it's wonderful. Just stay focused on it. I do. Okay, I get there's people out there that suffering. But we know this is you, you were one of those people and you are, where you are right now and things are working for you and that's good. Just stay in that
Richelle Direny: Listen, I get what you're saying. Work on if you need to work on your mouth work on it, it does not matter what everybody is saying do what's best for you.
Richelle Direny: You're having an itemized plan. I'm going to do A, B, C, D, E, F, G in this timeframe. You're following that structure stay on that path. It's okay.
Richelle Direny: People are always going to be Rona or no Corona, people are always going to be suffering. People are always a world without suffering. I don't really know that about that we're all going to be
Melonie Powers: There's this and I can say, I mean, you know, even when I was a domestic violence victim advocate. I guess I had a kind of a hard time in that job just
Melonie Powers: People don't always want to hear. And it's not my job to always say he
Melonie Powers: Is
Melonie Powers: A lot, you know, it's very hard not to go oh hey I've got a new shoes, guess what you can get out of it.
Melonie Powers: And then look where I'm at now.
Melonie Powers: You know that's what kills me too, but I wasn't there for a while.
Richelle Direny: You know, and I
Richelle Direny: And you weren't there for lunch. This is the third there's this thing I'm going to say it's an island saying because that's where everybody always heard it growing up.
Richelle Direny: The same is
Richelle Direny: Today from me tomorrow for you, means that whatever sorrow that I'm good. What that you're going through today. That's your sorrow tomorrow. It may be mine.
Richelle Direny: Your success today, tomorrow, it may be mine. You have your own thing going. You can't work because you know what other people, they have their day their day is coming
Richelle Direny: what that would look like and what the, what the depth of it or whatever their day is coming. Just today. Hey, I might be successful today.
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow, you may access. So your joy, my joy today your sadness today might be my sadness tomorrow, your joy, tomorrow you understand what's that it's always going to flip
Melonie Powers: I did. And I'm not guaranteed either anything. You know, like they could say, you know, whatever is going on in that system or, you know, I don't know, they could come back and throw me out. I'm not getting another dollar
Richelle Direny: Why
Melonie Powers: I think they're gonna
Richelle Direny: Take it.
Melonie Powers: But
Richelle Direny: Either way, and that's kind of like, and this is what we've talked about over time. It's kind of like your, your way of taking something in like turning it negative. Right now you're on a positive path. I want you to stay on that path.
Melonie Powers: Oh, yes. Thank you. I'm just like,
Melonie Powers: Anything that's not there, but I know
Richelle Direny: You always
Melonie Powers: Want to pay for
Richelle Direny: It. I do have this unique way of just jumping right into the negative pool, but just kind of stay right where you are in general if today if you hundred dollars today and today is the only day, you're going to get $600 listen, be happy about it.
Melonie Powers: Because you have more than I had
Richelle Direny: It's more than you had yesterday.
Melonie Powers: Etc. And it all.
Melonie Powers: Looks good, and
Melonie Powers: You have to pay it.
Richelle Direny: Exactly.
Melonie Powers: And then right away.
Richelle Direny: There you go. You were saving up for your 1200 dollars to go get a tooth removed. They helped you out. They jumpstart you 600. Now, you could go get your tooth remote. He said, I'm saying you can you get your smile back
Richelle Direny: It's just being happy in the moment. Staying focus not thinking that it's selfish to just think about yourself because you know what we all need to think about ourselves.
Richelle Direny: Because we all need to take care of ourselves. That's what tears us down because we're so focused on other people. And what they're doing. They're thinking about themselves while you helping them think about them.
Richelle Direny: It's saying, no, I need to think about myself. And that's what you're doing. So in everything that you're doing. Remember, maybe that's your, your model for right now.
Richelle Direny: health is wealth. Your health is your wealth. What does that look like and that's what you follow. So if it's, you know, thinking about making all your appointments, your medical appointments, whatever it is that you're doing.
Richelle Direny: Even if it means you say hey we're show, you know what, with everything that I'm doing. Maybe we have to cut back and see each other once a month. That's your health is wealth, you're doing it all your health.
Melonie Powers: I mean, I'm able to
Melonie Powers: That's that's the beauty of it. I can pick and choose, you know,
Melonie Powers: You have your choice. That's why I like it though. But I can't do it forever.
Melonie Powers: Right now I can
Richelle Direny: That's what you hold on to. You do it until you can't do it anymore. You keep submitting those information to the government. They keep giving you $600 on until they say Melanie, you won't get it no more.
Richelle Direny: And that's all you can do work with what you have right now work what you have today. Okay.
Melonie Powers: Good.
Richelle Direny: So we have our appointments for you, said the 25th. So, this
Melonie Powers: 116 is the 25
Melonie Powers: I have to be the dentist that one. I'll be home by five.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's fine. Um,
Richelle Direny: So what I'm going to do is do you want me to go ahead and just go ahead and schedule your follow up for the nine sets of five or four
Melonie Powers: Um,
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Melonie Powers: Yeah, let's keep it Tuesday.
Melonie Powers: works better for me. I'm, I'm just more of a late
Will leave a fro
Melonie Powers: June night. Right.
Yeah.
Melonie Powers: And then
Melonie Powers: So then out there for fun. One status, sir, and then tomorrow because we're off now with my medication. Dr. James And tomorrow, nice to know that I need results all
Richelle Direny: Right.
Melonie Powers: I'm not doing good tomorrow. So I'm going to do you this week, I'll be group next week. Do you the following week group you are you
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'll send her a message social know to do your refill tomorrow.
Melonie Powers: Yeah. And other than that.
Melonie Powers: Okay.
Melonie Powers: And then I'll talk to her next week.
Melonie Powers: You know, to be
Melonie Powers: Yes, well this upcoming next week, you know,
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. All right. I'm sending her a message number. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. Melanie, so we will see each other in two weeks.
Melonie Powers: No.
Melonie Powers: groupie for those
Richelle Direny: Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Melonie Powers: All right, thanks.
Melonie Powers: You're Welcome. Have a good night. Bye.